# Goals
Complete user stories for this sprint so that we have an application that allows users to be able to agree/disagree on debate posts, play trivia, get their ACSScore updated, search for other users, and follow other users.

# Stories
IL-4: As Harry, I want to be able to view my score progress so I know how much I’ve improved.  
Acceptance test : I can go to the profile page and see a graph of my score along with other stats such as # debates won, trivia won, activity log etc  
Priority/Point estimate:  High/3

IL-8: As George, I want to be able to play Trivia, so that I can compete with others in games  
  * As George, I want to be able to play solo Trivia so that I can test my knowledge
    * Acceptance test : I am able to select and play a solo trivia game
    * Priority/Point estimate:  Medium-High/3
  * As George, I want a timer so that I know when I need to answer by
    * Acceptance test : I can see a timer counting down somewhere on the screen when I’m answering a trivia question
    * Priority/Point estimate:  Medium-Medium/2
  * As George, I want to see a summary at the end so that I can know how I did against in solo
    * Acceptance test : I can see various stats about my trivia game(such as names, old a.c.s, gained a.c.s, number questions wrong/right, a compliment generated by the game) at the end 
    * Priority/Point estimate:  Medium-Medium/2
    
IL-67: As Harry, I want a sliding agreeance scale on other debate posts, so I can provide my input on the debate.    
   Acceptance test : I am put in a group and can see other people’s responses. I also see a sliding scale to vote how much I agree with their post  
   Priority/Point estimate:  Medium/2   
 
IL-68: As George, I want to be able to search for other people from the search page, so that I can see their profiles.  
   Acceptance Test: I am able to to go to the search page and search for a user by their username.  
   Priority/Point estimate: Medium/2  

IL-69: As George, I want to be able to follow other people and see them in my radar list, so that their posts are prioritized on my feed. 
   Acceptance Test: I am able to follow someone, and their posts should show up under the "Friends Posts" part of Posts page.  
   Priority/Point estimate: Medium/2  

# Participants
Muhammad Osman Amjad  
Maninder Dhanauta  
Jimmy Yu  
Kshitij Dahal  
Piyush Ukani  
Vineet Desai  
Mahamad Jawad Jawid  

# Team Capacity
12 points in total

# Task Breakdown
IL-4: As Harry, I want to be able to view my score progress so I know how much I’ve improved.  
  * Update ACSScore and ACSHistoryReport if user wins debate

IL-8: As George, I want to be able to play Trivia, so that I can compete with others in games  
  * API to send 10 unique questions to the user with options and correct answer.
  * ACSScore and ACSHistoryReport is updated at the end of the trivia.
  * Navbar is changed to Trivia when its clicked
  * Trivia page with start button to start trivia and start displaying questions with a timer
    
IL-67: As Harry, I want a sliding agreeance scale on other debate posts, so I can provide my input on the debate.    
  * Sliding scale for other users to show their agreeance on your post 
  
IL-68: As George, I want to be able to search for other people from the search page, so that I can see their profiles.  
  * Search bar on the profile page that allows usernames to be searched for
  * Check usernames that contain the searched username and send list of results

IL-69: As George, I want to be able to follow other people and see them in my radar list, so that their posts are prioritized on my feed. 
  * When I follow someone, they should be added to my radar list
  * Friends posts should show only posts of people in my radar list.
  * After I've searched for a user, I can hit follow to add them to my radar list
  * Call api to show only friends posts on friends posts page.
  * My radar list should show on my profile
  * API to get radar list for a user
